Data for the political entities within the Great Lakes Basin were drawn from the
North American Transportation Atlas Data - 1998  (NORTAD), prepared by the
U.S. Department of  Transportation (USDOT), Bureau of Transportation Statistics (BTS).
(http://www.bts.gov/cgi-bin/gis/nor.pl/)
Base scale for U.S. state boundaries = 1:100,000
Base scale for Canadian province boundaries = 1:1,000,000

Watershed boundaries for the U.S. portion of the Great Lakes Basin were drawn from
U.S. Geological Survey Hydrologic Unit Maps.
Base scale for U.S. hydrologic units = 1:250,000

Watershed boundaries for the Canadian portion of the Great Lakes Basin were drawn
from Canada Land Inventory Level-I watershed maps distributed by GeoGratis.
Base scale for Canada watersheds = 1:2,000,000

All coverages were converted to ESRI's ArcView shapefile format, after which the watershed
polygons were clipped to the political boundary extents. Gaps along the edges of political 
boundaries were filled by extending watershed boundaries to the political borders and
clipping again.

Canadian and U.S. coverage sets were then merged together. Inconsistencies along the
Canada-U.S. border were matched to the U.S. political boundary coverage, since the U.S.
political boundary coverage has the largest base scale of the coverages being used.

Shapefile coordinates and all measurement units are: Decimal Degrees

--------------------------------------------

Watershed identification information was retained throughout processing. U.S. data
included individual hydrologic unit names, Canadian data delineates sub-subdivisions
but lists only subdivision names.

Lake basin delineation with respect to the five Great Lakes was matched to U.S. and
Canadian codes with the following exceptions:
 - The watershed covering the Essex County peninsula in Ontario had no designation in
   the source data. It was assigned to the Lake Erie drainage basin
 - The Niagara River basin in New York retained its HUC coding (which groups it with
   several other basins along eastern Lake Erie), but was assigned to the Lake Ontario basin
   for the general grouping used in this coverage
 - Two basins at the eastern edge of Lake Ontario, the Black and the Chaumont-Perch,
   retained their HUC codings (which group them with several other basins along the Upper
   St. Lawrence River) but were assigned to the Lake Ontario basin for the general grouping
   used in this coverage.

